I want to see my master
You are not qualified to see the sword
Your sword moves are as bad as ever
Just because I want to hurt me
That's not possible.
I told you before.
You are no match for me
Don't ruin his hands and feet
I'll play him with the door again
I've given you all a chance
Don't get out of Jianzhong
Let your lives stay here forever
If you insist on committing crimes against me
Then I will wait for this knife to accompany me to the end
Accompany to the end
How did the disciples of Qingming Jianzhong become so strong?
That woman should be an ordinary disciple
But his cultivation method
But even I can't see it
In my opinion
This time, even if the three of us join forces
I want to bite the hard bones of Qingyun Sword Sect
I'm afraid it's not a strange thing.
If the elites in my family enter and exit, if they lose in the end
That's not worth the cost.
Sovereign masters
I have a bottle of elixir here
After the following, the cultivation of the disciples of the three sects can skyrocket
Taking down Qingyun Sword Sect is easy
That didn't count
Now let me broadband you well